(distant siren wailing)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(spits)
Hey, old man.
Give me your money.
Come on!
(blade clicks)
You know what time it is.
I know what time it is.
Get down on the ground.
JANKO:
Police! Don't move!
Get on your knees!
JAMIE: Police! Hold it!
JANKO: On your knees!
On your knees!
Hands in the air!
(man grunts, horn honks)
(horn beeps, man shouts)
JAMIE:
Police! Stop!
(panting)
(man groaning)
(dogs barking fiercely)
(barking, growling)
(sighs)
Come on, Lady Five-O,
we ain't even did nothing.
Right. You nice boys
were just out for a
little midnight stroll.
Exactly.
JAMIE: You guys were just welcoming
us to the neighborhood.
Yo, look, for real,
us three here,
we didn't even know
he was gonna hold you up.
Sit down.
Not even.
JAMIE: Sit down.
Last month, there have been
over half a dozen
armed robberies on that block.
And every one of them went
down just like the one
you boys tried to pull tonight.
Really?
We didn't know nothing
about no robberies. Right?
Robberies?
Nope.
Nice act, Schlenger.
JAMIE: Hang on.
You guys didn't want anyone
to get hurt, right?
No doubt.
You guys were
just the look-out, right?
Just making sure
no cops were coming up
the block?
That's it right there.
We were just the look-out.
We weren't looking
to hurt nobody.
Well, I'm happy
to hear you guys say that.
And so we get off, then, right?
Unfortunately, the legal term
for what you just confessed to
is called "acting in concert."
Say what?
It means you're just as guilty
as your friend
who pulled the knife.
Oh, my God!
Nah, nah!
What?!
Come on, man!
Yep, that's what
the law says.
That's tough!
Victory is mine, people,
victory is mine!
It's a great day for the
criminal justice system.
(applause)
Thank you, thank you.
And you are welcome.
Let me guess-- you won?
No, I didn't win.
Winning is for losers.
I crushed, I obliterated,
I annihilated it.
Feeling pretty good about
yourself, now, are ya?
No. You know what
I'm feeling good about?
These-- three days
at the beach,
toes in the sand,
book in my hand,
and nothing on my plate.
Yeah, about that--
the D.A. just called.
No, no, no, no, no--
I'm already out the door.
Assistant District Attorney
Blake's jury hung
on a homicide she was trying.
Judge declared
a mistrial.
D.A. wants you to take over.
The D.A. wants me to take over
Kelly Blake's case?
(chuckles): Wow, she must be
thrilled about that.
WOMAN:
No, not very.
Thought your case
was a slam dunk.
You're enjoying this already,
aren't you?
No, not very.
You just cost me
three days on the beach.
(throws tickets down)
Olivia, isn't there
anything we can do
to make you more comfortable?
Would you like to sit?
Thank you, Commissioner,
but these days,
once I sit, I can
never get back up.
And we're about
30 seconds out.
Okay.
How far along are you?
A day past due.
Wow.
Can't come soon enough.
(both laugh)
Boy or girl?
Uh... we've decided to wait.
Mm. The old-fashioned way.
Maybe we should get down to the
press room before junior makes his
or her grand entrance.
Okay.
Manny...
you okay?
Yes, sir. I'm just, uh...
there's a lot going on.
Well, get used to it.
You're about to be
NYPD  and a dad.
I just want you to know
what a great honor this is,
your taking the time
to do this.
The honor's mine.
(door opens)
Commissioner.
Shall we, everybody?
It's not like they're
gonna start without me.
BLAKE: Two months ago,
Victor and Louise Kendrick
are victims of a carjacking
by this man, Angel Granderson.
Thank you.
Victor Kendrick
makes the fateful mistake
of struggling with Angel,
and he got shot three
times with a .38.
He got a record?
No.
Two priors for...
you guessed it--
carjacking.
He gave an alibi that
didn't hold, and we had
the star witness--
the victim's wife,
Louise Kendrick.
She was in the passenger seat--
she saw the whole thing
go down, and she immediately
picked Angel out of the lineup.
Sounds good.
Where'd you go wrong?
I didn't go wrong.
You did if we're having
this conversation,
and I'm pretty sure we are.
I got stuck with a bad juror.
Elliot North-- this guy...
this guy was a problem,
the whole trial,
for both sides.
Retired, bored, looking to
be a fly in the ointment.
And it could happen
to anyone, even you.
Your point?
(clears throat)
Speak to the D.A.
And say what?
Due respect...
this is my case.
Okay, I put in the legwork--
I should be the one who gets
to see it through.
Was your case,
and you didn't see it through.
Due respect.
You know what I meant.
Look, you and I have managed
to coexist around here
because we share
a mutual understanding
that it's better if we exist
far apart
from each other.
Now, I don't want
this case
any more than
you want me to have it,
but have it I do,
and there's not a damn thing
either one of us
can do about it.
Great. Good talk.
And for the record,
none of these
are  our cases.
We represent the people
of the City of New York.
Really?
Gonna go high road on me, huh?
Just get me the numbers
and the addresses
of the juror and Mrs. Kendrick.
Those are  my files now.
(sighs heavily)
...and will faithfully
discharge my duties
as a police officer in the New York City
Police Department,
so help me God.
Congratulations.
Nice going.
(chuckles): Thank you.
GARRETT:
We can take
just a few questions.
Uh, Commissioner, how does it feel
to swear in the man
who you rescued
as a little baby,
25 years ago, from a Dumpster?
Well... I guess maybe it's like
a seed was planted that day
and now we get to celebrate
the harvest.
REPORTER: Mr. Francisco,
is that why you became a cop,
because of the commissioner's
hand in saving your life?
Well, a police officer's
first job is to protect life.
But with that
responsibility,
also comes an opportunity
to change lives.
I was fortunate enough
to have someone in my life
who did both for me.
And now it's my turn,
to pay it forward.
GARRETT:
Thank you very much
for joining us today.
Commissioner?
Commissioner, it's been a few weeks
since the mayor won reelection.
You haven't said whether or not
you'll be staying on
as commissioner
for his next term.
Well, that wouldn't
be for me to say.
I serve at the pleasure
of the mayor.
Are you saying
he hasn't yet asked you
to continue as commissioner?
I'm saying we haven't yet
had that conversation.
MALE REPORTER: But you do expect
he'll ask you?
I expect he will,
if he wants me back.
If he doesn't, he won't.
Warren, Angela, Robert,
thank you, that will be
all for today.
Thank you.
ANGELA: Are you saying
you may not come back?
There's no hidden meaning here.
I don't call that shot;
the mayor does.
Well, assuming
the mayor does ask,
you  would continue
as commissioner, correct?
Assuming he asks...
you'll know my answer.
That's how the world works.
♪ Blue Bloods 6x09 ♪
Hold Outs
Original Air Date on November 20, 2015
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
♪  ♪
Mrs. Kendrick,
I just want to thank you
for taking the time out
to sit with me.
Of course.
I just thought we should get
to know each other a little bit
before the new trial.
I still...
I just can't believe it.
I know you're upset
and I know it's hard,
and I am so sorry.
What that juror did,
it's like a slap in the face.
How can just one person
be allowed to do this?
Well, I'm sure you're aware,
in a criminal proceeding,
the jury's verdict
must be unanimous.
Even if one of them is...
I-I don't want
to be rude,
but... A.D.A. Blake pegged him
as a problem from the get-go.
Well, I'm not sure
she should have mentioned
that to you, but...
let's look at it this way--
we have the advantage here
to improve our case
before the new trial.
I will never forget
the look of death
in Angel Granderson's eyes
the night he took
my Victor from me,
just the same way it did,
every day, in that courtroom.
So please forgive me
if I can't get giddy about a new trial.
No, I understand,
and... again, I'm sorry,
and I would feel
exactly the same way
if I were in your shoes.
Unfortunately,
we don't have a choice.
Do you even know why that juror
voted not guilty?
I'm going to see him
later on this afternoon.
Give him this.
And then you tell him
that in  my book,
he is now an accomplice
to my Victor's murder.
(chief shouting
instructions)
Excuse me, sir,
is this your car?
Was my car.
Did you see
who did it?
No, but I can tell you
who did it, anyway.
It was the damn gang.
They're tormenting
this neighborhood.
It's like, every day
it's a different thing.
We know.
We arrested three of them
just the other night.
We thought that
would send a message.
I guess
it didn't.
Excuse me, sir,
do you live around here?
Nope, but I own a few
of these buildings.
Maybe you can help us out--
do you know of any gang members
that are living in any
of your buildings?
Oh, I'd love
to help you out,
but we're talking
about gangs.
Officer, what's going on?
Why does this keep happening?
We honestly
don't know.
But you have my word--
we're gonna put an end to this.
Well, that was interesting.
Huh?
I seem to recall a guy
who looks just like you
once telling me
that a cop should never
make a promise
that they can't keep.
I intend to keep it.
Something doesn't add up.
These guys hit again
just a couple of days
after we lock
a bunch of them up?
They're a gang.
That's what they do.
Hit the same block half a dozen
times in under a month?
Well, one block
that  we know of.
Maybe they're terrorizing
the whole neighborhood
but just not
reporting it.
I don't think so. I checked--
it's just this block.
And nothing in this or any
surrounding precincts.
Then you're right.
We better find out why.
(doorbell rings)
MAN:
Who is it?
It's Erin Reagan.
We spoke on the phone earlier.
And I told you
I've got nothing to say.
I was just hoping for
a few minutes of your time, sir.
I did my civic duty.
I served on that jury
and voted my conscience.
And we appreciate that.
It's only because
of citizens like you
that our criminal
justice system works.
What the hell
else do you want?
I was just trying to understand
why you voted not guilty.
Why do
you think?
'Cause that guy didn't do it.
There's 11 other jurors
who disagree.
Those 11 other jurors
were morons.
Can I come in
and you tell me why?
Is this even legal?
I thought a member
of the jury wasn't supposed
to talk about the case.
That's only true
during the trial.
Afterwards you're free
to discuss it as you please.
Five minutes.
Thank you.
(indistinct chatter,
cameras clicking and whirring)
Afternoon, everyone.
Uh, DCPI Moore has briefed me
that we have lot of ground
to cover and limited time,
so let's try to help
each other out by...
Commissioner, have you heard
from the mayor yet?
...by sticking to the
updates and clarifications
prioritized in the handouts.
I am pleased to report that,
uh, last month we've seen
violent crime numbers
take a precipitous drop.
Any indication
if he'll be asking you
to stay on as commissioner?
Guys,
we have a lot to get
through here today,
so if you'd
let us please...
FEMALE REPORTER: Or are we
missing the lead--
do you even
want to come back?
Pardon me?
When asked the other day
how you would respond
if the mayor
offered to keep you on
for four more years,
you chose not to respond.
That's true.
Because?
Because that's between
me and the mayor.
Because some matters
should be decided
between the principals and then,
once resolved,
released to the press.
Due respect, sir, you still
haven't answered my question.
Due respect, your question
boils down to exactly how
are the sausages made?
I don't think that's
anybody's business
but mine and the mayor's
at this juncture.
Are you saying
you'll only answer questions
that you deem appropriate?
I didn't say that.
You implied it.
Stop.
Sir...!
Enough.
I don't know.
How about that?
Whatever the question is,
there's your answer:
I don't know.
Is this absolutely
necessary?
I don't trust many people.
And definitely not you.
You have a problem
with me, sir?
You're a white lawyer.
I see. And you don't like
white lawyers?
I don't trust white people.
I don't trust lawyers.
So you do the math.
Mr. North, let me
ask you something.
Is it possible that you
voted the way you did
because the defendant is black?
Let me ask you something.
Is it possible
the other jurors
voted the way that they did
just because
the defendant was black?
I see your point.
Good.
But for the record, no.
I did not vote to acquit
for that reason.
I voted not guilty because
I don't think he did it.
Despite all the evidence
to the contrary.
Not all the evidence.
Such as?
Such as
how come we never heard
from the other eyewitness?
The other eyewitness?
The police report that was
submitted into evidence
stated, right there,
that there was another witness
who said the shooter
was a white man.
You're sure about this?
Hand to God.
Anthony, it's me. You busy?
Immensely.
Not anymore you're not.
I need you to pull up a 61
on the Victor Kendrick murder.
What's in it for me?
Your job.
Keep dreaming.
I work for
the district attorney,
I'm only loaned out to you.
You find it yet or not?
I got it. I got it.
What's up?
Did the cops on the scene take
a statement from an eyewitness
other than the victim's wife?
Depends.
Is the victim's wife
a drug-addled,
thrice-collared prostitute?
Uh, no, she's not.
Then, yes, they did.
What is this?
It is the complaint report
on the Kendrick homicide.
So you've read it?
We're not 1L's anymore,
so what do you say
we skip the Socratic method
and you get to the point?
Fine by me.
Who the hell is Robin Dunn?
Oh!
Oh.
You don't tell me
there's a second
eyewitness and the best
you can come up with is "Oh"?
First off, Robin Dunn
is a prostitute
with a history of arrests.
She's hardly a dream witness.
It's a murder case.
Not every witness
is gonna be Mr. Belvedere.
And secondly, we tried
to locate her. The police
scoured the neighborhood
and her last known-- she
probably skipped town.
At which point I can only assume
you asked for a continuance
so you could have more time
to locate her.
Look, we had a rock-solid case.
Louise Kendrick
was in the car.
She picked
Angel Granderson
out of a lineup.
Granderson has previous arrests
for carjacking and fit
the description perfectly.
And I will take that, any day,
over some vague description
given by crackhead
street walker, and so would you.
So, no, you did not
ask for a continuance?
Quit being such a Girl Scout.
We were running out of time.
The D.A. agreed with me
that we should proceed
with the case we had,
So that's what I did.
Check with your C.I.'s
and the NYPD, I want you
to find this girl.
I'm on it.
Where are you going?
To do your job.
I want you to put your wallets
on the ground
and put hands in the air.
Now!
Police! Hold it right there!
FEMALE OFFICER:
Don't move! On the ground!
On the ground!
Don't move,
hands in the air!
Get down on the ground!
Get on the ground!
(siren wails, stops)
(grunts) I was kind of hoping
you'd do that.
Yeah, whatever, man.
GARRETT: The mayor wants
this controversy shut down.
Controversy? Can we please
temper the rhetoric a little?
All right--
disagreement.
Mountain out of a molehill,
more like it.
The point is
he'd like to ask
you to stay aboard.
Is that so?
Yes.
Then what's stopping him
from setting up a meeting?
What with standing on
ceremony all of a sudden?
You guys have four years
of work together.
Which I think has earned me
the courtesy
and respect of a formal offer.
Give it up.
He wants to know
that you'll accept.
Ah. Well.
There it is.
There are members of his
inner circle pushing him
to consider
other candidates.
As there have been from day one.
He doesn't
want to be left exposed,
if you have doubts
of your own.
He needs to ask me himself.
He strenuously advises
that you accept the offer as is.
Strenuously advises? How the
hell does one exactly do that?
Is he actively working
every muscle
in his body as he advises?
Frank, this isn't funny.
It kind of is.
Then you're the only one laughing.
The man was reelected weeks ago
and this is the first time
anyone from his camp
has even mentioned it to me.
I am not from his camp.
Even worse.
I'm trying to help out in a situation...
And what you're
bringing me sounds more like
an ultimatum than an invitation.
It's an offer.
Garret, I read the papers.
He has met with everyone
the past couple weeks,
from soup to nuts.
Are you feeling neglected?
Is that why you're playing
this out in the press?
I am not playing anything out.
I answered
their questions honestly.
What do you want me
to tell the mayor's office?
That I'm available to meet.
Have you heard
a thing I've said?
They want some guarantees.
I guarantee I'll show up.
Come on, Frank.
He is the boss.
Yes, he is. And I serve
at the pleasure of the mayor.
But only so long as it is
my pleasure to serve.
(alarm buzzes, lock clicks)
Who are you?
I'm Assistant District Attorney
Erin Reagan.
I'll be prosecuting the retrial.
Where's the other skirt?
If you're referring
to A.D.A. Blake,
she's no longer on the case.
Too bad.
She got legs for days.
Well, I'll be sure
to pass that along.
Hm.
Mr. Granderson,
you do realize
that you are facing
the minimum sentence
of 12 years here.
Is what it is.
Well, if that's
how you really feel,
why don't you
save us all a lot of time
and money and
just plead guilty?
'Cause I didn't do it.
She got legs for days.
What? She do.
You don't sound like someone
who believes he's innocent.
We both know how this goes.
You know,
a lot of hooting
and hollering by me
ain't gonna change a damn thing.
Okay.
Well, then I hope you enjoy
your stay with us
and I will see you in court.
Wait.
I'm sorry.
Did you kill Victor Kendrick?
Hell, no.
You've been arrested
in three other carjackings,
all with the same methodology.
What?
They were all done
the same way this one was done:
guy in a hoodie
puts a gun in the
driver's face,
demands the car.
Almost the same.
Let's just say  if I did
those other carjackings,
I would have never used
a loaded gun.
Come on, you expect me
to believe that?
It's true.
Prove it.
Can't.
Well, then, I guess
I  can't help you.
Look...
When I was ten years old,
my baby brother--
we were playing on our stoop.
Next thing I know-- pop,
pop, pop!
It was chaos everywhere.
And when I looked down,
my baby brother was dying
at my feet.
No way
I could ever blast on somebody.
(phone ringing)
Yeah, what's up?
Hey, it's Anthony.
I know. What do you got?
A dead prostitute.
I think
you should get down here.
(radio chatter; distant siren
wails, horn blares)
I just want to say
for the record,
I don't like that look
in your eyes.
What am I doing?
You're turning your wheels.
And that's bad?
Usually.
I just want to know who
killed that poor girl.
Poor girl?
Are we working
on the same case?
'Cause I'm on the one with
the hooker, not the soccer mom.
Justice is blind, Anthony.
Yeah, and dead hookers are
easier to find than yellow cabs.
Yeah, usually from
suicides and OD,
not a bullet
between their eyes.
So she ran afoul of some nut-job
John, or a pissed-off pimp.
Or a murderer who killed her
because she was
the only eyewitness
who could put him away.
Now you write Lifetime movies?
Come on.
That body's been there
for weeks.
You and I both know
the coroner's gonna date it back
to the Kendrick murder.
Okay, okay, you got a point;
a very small point.
I met
with Angel Granderson today.
Oh, no.
And I don't...
Don't think he did it.
...think he did it.
My gut tells me
he's a really bad guy
who's done a lot of bad things.
I don't think
he did this thing.
And if your golden gut
is wrong?
It's not.
(sighs) Well, if Granderson
didn't do it,
then you know
who the next likely suspect is.
The victim's wife Louise.
That's right.
So you think that everything
Louise Kendrick said is a lie?
I'm becoming more open
to that possibility.
And why would she
do all that
unless she herself was involved
in her husband's murder?
She wouldn't.
See?
Now you know why I hate
when your wheels start turning.
Here you go.
Here, have a seat.
You know when we add
these four goons to the three
my partner and I locked up
the other day,
it's like... damn near arrested
half your gang.
Heavy is the head
that wears the crown, huh?
What?
Just saying.
Not a great week
for you as boss,
but maybe there's something
you can do to fix that.
Here we go, hmm?
Time for  Let's Make a Deal.
Guess what?
Rainey don't deal.
You could save you and your boys
a lot of jail time
if you come clean
about what's really going on.
You know what, man?
I don't even, like, understand
a single thing you saying.
Sure you do.
You're smarter than you play.
Why would you and your crew
hit the same block
six times in a month?
I ain't saying nothing.
If someone else
is behind this,
maybe we could trade up.
Get you
and your crew a year,
maybe just probation.
You know what, man?
You're right.
I am smart.
Smart enough to know
that the most we gonna get is
six months,
probably three...
(chuckles)
if we wear ties to court.
(chuckling)
Yeah, you're right, except
there's this
little known section of
the penal law that I discovered
when I was at law school.
It's called
"enterprise corruption."
Hmm.
I won't bore you with the details,
but basically what it says is,
since you've repeated
the same crime multiple times,
minimum for you
is five years upstate.
Please.
(laughing):
You ain't go to no law school.
You just a cop.
(handcuffs rattling)
Let's go.
(distant siren chirping)
GORMLEY:
Would you stop?
You're being crazy.
You don't understand.
Brian and I just bought
the house last year.
So?
So, Lord knows the commissioner
has earned the right
to say when he's done, but if he is...
Stop right here.
First of all, you're
an NYPD detective.
Even if the boss
calls it quits,
no way you're
losing your job.
But I would be
transferred.
And second of all,
it's not gonna happen.
Is he in?
He's wrapping up a phone call.
Garrett, would you do me a favor
and tell her she's got
nothing to worry about?
You got nothing to worry about.
See?
You're golden. Thank you.
Sure.
What did I just tell
her not to worry about?
She's getting herself
all worked up about this
brouhaha with the boss.
She actually thinks he might be
putting in his papers.
Wait a second.
You don't think
he's done, do you?
You do?!
(sighs):
Oh.
Know what that means for me?
Staten Island.
Look, I don't know
how this plays out.
What I do know is,
it's not a good idea
for us to sit around
here talking about it.
I'm not going to
Staten Island-- no way.
NICKY:
Do we even know
who he's talking to?
No, but it's got
to be somebody important,
or he wouldn't
take the call now.
Maybe it's
the mayor.
Whoever it is,
it's none of our business.
Can we ask him
when he comes down?
No.
Why not?
'Cause he said so.
Right, and because
of what Aunt Linda said--
it's not our business.
It is, and it isn't.
What do you mean?
Meaning if he doesn't re-up,
it affects everybody
at this table to some degree.
DANNY:
And we will support him
no matter what
decision he makes.
But what if
it's the wrong decision?
There is no
wrong decision.
There isn't?
No.
Last thing this city needs
is losing Dad as the PC.
Why is that?
Show me another candidate
who's got his chops.
Okay, well, take away our slant
'cause he's our dad,
and there's plenty
of candidates.
Forget the slant.
How many others
have a whole previous career
as an NYPD cop?
That's something Dad brings
that nobody else does.
HENRY:
Jamie's got a point.
But that isn't your point,
is it?
DANNY:
No.
Look, it's true,
Dad  has been a cop
for most of his life,
so can you imagine
how hard it's gonna be
to walk away?
I mean, for him,
moving on's gonna be less
like letting go and more like
letting go of an arm or a leg.
Yeah.
If he needs our support,
he's gonna need
our support to let go.
Support is only worth what
it costs you to give it.
So, I say we be smart
and take the cue
from Dad on this one.
Copy?
NICKY: Copy.
Copy that.
Copy.
So what is it
we were talking about?
Anything but the
elephant in the room.
Last season's Knicks.
He hasn't gotten over that yet.
(laughing):
Who has?
They're basketball, right?
(scoffs)
Yes, Mom.
FRANK:
Sorry.
I had to take that call.
It's okay.
(clears his throat)
(Erin clears her throat)
So... where were we?
The Knicks.
LINDA:
Oh, last season
was a bust.
FRANK: Mm.
Yeah, Carmello's
just got to go.
JACK: Phil Jackson's
got to step up.
SEAN: Mm-hmm.
JAMIE: True. DANNY: Mm-hmm.
It was the cardinal.
LINDA: Oh, well,
the cardinal's got
to step up, too.
(Nicky laughs)
No. That's who
I was on the phone with.
Cardinal Brennan.
Oh.
Hmm.
Why the cardinal?
When I'm in a tough spot,
he often helps.
And did he?
Don't know yet.
He assumes
I know more scripture than I do,
so I always have
to look stuff up
to find out
what the advice actually was.
(laughter)
Looks good.
Shall we eat?
HENRY: Sure.
And thank you, all of you,
for the elbow room.
Bless us, O Lord, for these...
ALL:
Thy gifts which we are about
to receive through Thy bounty.
Through Christ, Our Lord.
Amen.
Now, in the last
trial, you said that
when Angel Granderson
approached,
your husband
resisted at first.
(sighs)
I told him not to.
I told him just to do
whatever he said, but...
But he didn't.
Then you say
the carjacker reached in
and tried to grab the keys.
That's right.
Okay. Great.
What hand?
Huh?
Oh, what hand
did the carjacker use
when he reached into the car?
Oh. Um...
You don't remember?
No, I-I... I do.
It was his right hand.
Huh. That's interesting.
Granderson is left-handed.
Maybe I got that wrong.
Yeah, yeah.
You're right,
it-it was his left.
He reached in
with his left hand.
Are you sure?
Because it's important
that we're firm
with these facts.
Yes, positive.
It was his left hand.
Great. Great. Now,
after he couldn't get the keys,
that's when you say
Granderson shot your husband.
(sighing):
That's right... in cold blood.
Yes.
What hand was he holding
the gun?
What? I...?
Oh, you just said
that he reached in
with his left hand
to grab the keys,
so... he must have
been holding the gun
in his right hand,
is that correct?
I... I guess.
So Granderson shot your husband
with his non-dominant hand?
I-I, I don't... Look,
everything happened so fast.
I-I don't even know
what I know.
I probably blocked
the whole thing out.
You have to understand.
(crying)
(sniffles) My husband's blood
was all over me.
Pieces of his brain
in my hair.
Okay. You know, um, we don't
have to do this right now.
I'm sorry. I...
No, no, no, no, no.
You're still grieving.
And we can do this another time.
(sobbing)
I... I'll just
let myself out, okay?
(crying)
So?
How'd it go?
Like Sarah Palin fielding
foreign policy questions.
You know, I-I always thought
that poor girl
got a bad rap, you know that?
That's great, Anthony.
Is Louise making a call?
She's making one right now.
She is on the move.
Stay down.
♪ ♪
Okay.
Why are we here
and where is she going?
(shutter snapping)
You got who she's on with yet?
I don't have a name yet.
ERIN:
Uh, who is this guy?
ANTHONY:
Could be anybody.
Maybe it's her brother.
(Erin scoffs)
(camera shutter snapping)
I hope that's not her brother.
(computer beeps)
ANTHONY:
Well, look at you, golden gut.
What is it?
Mystery man's number
just popped.
His name is Richard Hart.
He's in the system.
Two-time loser.
Both felonies. Aggravated
assault, attempted murder
with a .38 snub nose.
That's our guy.
Maybe.
You know it is.
I also know that O.J. did it.
Lot of good that did
my bank account.
You bet on the O.J. verdict?
What, you didn't?
You're a really strange guy,
you know that?
Tell me something
I don't already know.
Well, O.J. got off
because Marcia Clark didn't know
how to squeeze the Juice.
Hi. Thanks for
coming down. Please,
have a seat.
You know, uh,
I've been thinking about
what you said about what hand
Granderson used and all.
I think I was right
the first time. He reached in
with his right hand, and
he shot Victor with his left.
Great. That's great.
That's... very helpful.
Can you tell me who...
Richard Hart is?
What?
Who is Richard Hart?
I don't... I don't know anyone
by that name.
That's interesting.
Because you make quite
a few phone calls to him.
Okay, I know him,
but he's just a friend.
Yeah.
I think he's your boyfriend.
And for quite some time,
based on those phone records.
Oh, God.
Okay.
Yes, he's someone
I've been involved with.
Look, I'm not proud of it.
Which is why you never told
this office or the police?
I knew how it would come across.
Husband is shot dead
and wife is having an affair.
I mean, we all know
what that would look like.
Like you had your husband killed
so you can start a new life.
That is not what happened.
I think it is.
Okay.
I think I need a lawyer.
Yeah.
That's probably a good idea.
But the truth is...
...I think it's
a little late for that.
Oh, no.
Yeah, bad move getting involved
with a two-time felon.
See, one more felony conviction
and Richie goes away for life.
Unless he cooperates.
Richie loves me.
He wouldn't say a thing.
Yeah.
He said everything.
About how you two
carried out the murder
of your beloved Victor,
as well as killing Robin Dunn,
the only eyewitness
that could contradict
your testimony.
(gasping):
Wait. Wait.
This was all Richie's idea.
I will tell you
anything you need
to know.
Yeah. He thought
you might say that.
Which is why he
was smart enough
to record
all your phone conversations.
You're under arrest.
You got my money?
(quietly):
Lower your voice.
That's two G's.
Be here same time
next week.
No way. We out.
What do you mean out?
Job isn't done.
Too much heat. There's cops
all over the block now.
A deal's a deal.
Two grand a week, every week,
until the old bastards get
the message
and start moving out
of my buildings.
Police.
You're under arrest.
Get up.
Hands behind your back.
Oh, I didn't do anything.
You little punk.
(handcuffs rattling)
(handcuffs clicking)
Manny.
Commissioner.
I know you have
more than a full plate.
I can't thank you
enough for coming down.
Oh, of course I came.
Olivia and I both hate that
we've imposed on you this way.
Oh, nonsense.
Gives me a chance to get a jump
on recruiting the...
boy or girl?
Boy.
You have a son.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Would you like to meet him?
I'd love to.
(baby fussing)
Commissioner.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Lucky for you,
he got his mother's good looks.
Would you like to hold him?
Oh, no, I'm a little
out of practice.
No, please.
Okay.
(grunts)
(chuckles)
What's his name?
We'd like to name him after you.
Francis.
Just Francis, though.
Not Francis Xavier.
One piece of advice.
Please.
With a name
like Francis Francisco,
you better teach him
how to throw a left hook.
Okay?
Oh, you came to see the baby.
How sweet of you.
Actually, I came to see you.
The mayor's office called.
A gap opened up in his schedule.
And I need to know this, why?
He's inviting you up.
Uh-huh.
You're clear for the next hour.
So, weeks
go by and then I get called in
on ten minutes' notice?
Don't look at it like that.
Oh, come on, Garrett.
How long do you think
you can do this?
I... don't know.
Look, Garrett,
I'm closer to the end
than the beginning.
So, some of this stuff,
I just don't have it in me
to care anymore.
About the job?
No. I care about the job.
It's the rest of it.
The posturing, the little digs,
the wasting my time.
What do you want me
to tell them?
(sighs)
Tell them I'll stay on
until the mayor gets his head
out of his ass.
(elevator bell dings)
So, indefinitely.
But if anybody asks me
what indefinitely means...
They better duck?
Exactly.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org